feat: Customizing OpenShift Eclipse Che ConsoleLink (#2666)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_mounting-a-secret-or-a-configmap-as-a-subpath-into-a-container.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// mounting-a-secret-or-a-configmap-as-a-file-or-an-environment-variable-into-a-container

[id="mounting-a-secret-or-a-configmap-as-a-subpath-into-a-container"]
= Mounting a Secret or a ConfigMap as a subPath into a {prod-short} container

.Prerequisites

* A running instance of {prod}.

.Procedure

include::partial$snip_mounting-a-secret-or-a-configmap-into-a-container.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Annotations must indicate that the given object is mounted as a subPath.

. Configure the annotation values:
+
* `che.eclipse.org/mount-as: subpath` - To indicate that an object is mounted as a subPath.
* `che.eclipse.org/mount-path: _<TARGET_PATH>_` - To provide a required mount path.

.Example:
====
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: custom-data
  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/mount-as: subpath
    che.eclipse.org/mount-path: /data

>   labels:

Reviewer: It might make sense to include the labels in these samples as well, as (if I remember right) missing the `app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org` will result in the configmap being invisible to the operator.

...
----
or
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: custom-data
  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/mount-as: subpath
    che.eclipse.org/mount-path: /data
  labels:
...
----
====

> The {orch-name} object can contain several items whose names must match the desired file name mounted into the container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {orch-name} object can contain several items whose names must match the file name mounted into the container.
```

.Example:
====
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: custom-data
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org
    app.kubernetes.io/component: {prod-deployment}-secret
  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/mount-as: subpath
    che.eclipse.org/mount-path: /data
data:
  ca.crt: __<base64 encoded data content here>__
----
or
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: custom-data
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org
    app.kubernetes.io/component: {prod-deployment}-configmap
  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/mount-as: subpath
    che.eclipse.org/mount-path: /data
data:
  ca.crt: __<data content here>__
----
====

This results in a file named `ca.crt` being mounted at the `/data` path of {prod-short} container.

> IMPORTANT: To make the changes in a {prod-short} container visible, re-create the object entirely.

Reviewer: I'm unclear if this means re-create the configmap/secret, or re-create the pod -- could we clarify what `the object` is?

> IMPORTANT: To make the changes in a {prod-short} container visible, recreate the object entirely.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: To make the changes in a {prod-short} container visible, re-create the object entirely.
```
